README.md, before:

### Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/bbriggs/docker-bukkit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bbriggs/docker-bukkit)

# Simple Tags

`1.8` ([1.8/Dockerfile](1.8/Dockerfile))
`1.8.3` ([1.8.3/Dockerfile](1.8.3/Dockerfile))
`1.8.7` ([1.8.7/Dockerfile](1.8.7/Dockerfile))
`1.8.8` ([1.8.8/Dockerfile](1.8.8/Dockerfile))
`1.9` ([1.9/Dockerfile](1.9/Dockerfile))
`1.9.2` ([1.9.2/Dockerfile](1.9.2/Dockerfile))
`1.9.4` ([1.9.4/Dockerfile](1.9.4/Dockerfile))
`1.10` ([1.10/Dockerfile](1.10/Dockerfile))
`1.11` ([1.11/Dockerfile](1.11/Dockerfile))
`1.12` ([1.12/Dockerfile](1.12/Dockerfile))
`1.12.1`([1.12.1/Dockerfile](1.12.1/Dockerfile))
`1.12.2`([1.12.2/Dockerfile](1.12.2/Dockerfile))
`latest`([Dockerfile](Dockerfile))

# Docker Bukkit

A Docker Bukkit/Spigot server based on Alpine.

### Running the server

To start the server and accept the EULA in one fell swoop, just pass the `EULA=true` environment variable to Docker when running the container. I recommend mounting a directory from your host onto `/data` in the container to make map and server data persistent. 

`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit` 

### Spigot included

Yes, even though the repo's name is `bukkit`, we have included the lovely spigot server as well. To run the spigot server, supply it as an argument like so:

`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit spigot` 

### Running a specific version

To run a specific version of Bukkit or Spigot, use a docker tag. 

Example:
`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit:1.9.4 spigot`

Commit message:

Fix broken tags from upstream Bukkit repos

README.md, after:

### Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/bbriggs/docker-bukkit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bbriggs/docker-bukkit)

# Simple Tags

`1.8` ([1.8/Dockerfile](1.8/Dockerfile))

`1.8.3` ([1.8.3/Dockerfile](1.8.3/Dockerfile))

`1.8.7` ([1.8.7/Dockerfile](1.8.7/Dockerfile)) _The 1.8.7 tag appears to have disppeared from the upstream. This project will no longer build it, but it will remain active for historical purposes._

`1.8.8` ([1.8.8/Dockerfile](1.8.8/Dockerfile))

`1.9` ([1.9/Dockerfile](1.9/Dockerfile))

`1.9.2` ([1.9.2/Dockerfile](1.9.2/Dockerfile))

`1.9.4` ([1.9.4/Dockerfile](1.9.4/Dockerfile))

`1.10` ([1.10/Dockerfile](1.10/Dockerfile))  _The 1.10 tag appears to have disppeared from the upstream. This project will no longer build it, but it will remain active for historical purposes._

`1.10.2` ([1.10.2/Dockerfile](1.10/Dockerfile))

`1.11` ([1.11/Dockerfile](1.11/Dockerfile))

`1.12` ([1.12/Dockerfile](1.12/Dockerfile))

`1.12.1`([1.12.1/Dockerfile](1.12.1/Dockerfile))

`1.12.2`([1.12.2/Dockerfile](1.12.2/Dockerfile))

`latest`([latest/Dockerfile](latest/Dockerfile))

# Docker Bukkit

A Docker Bukkit/Spigot server based on Alpine.

### Running the server

To start the server and accept the EULA in one fell swoop, just pass the `EULA=true` environment variable to Docker when running the container. I recommend mounting a directory from your host onto `/data` in the container to make map and server data persistent. 

`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit` 

### Spigot included

Yes, even though the repo's name is `bukkit`, we have included the lovely spigot server as well. To run the spigot server, supply it as an argument like so:

`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit spigot` 

### Running a specific version

To run a specific version of Bukkit or Spigot, use a docker tag. 

Example:
`docker run -it -v /data:/data -p 25565:25565  -e EULA=true --name mc_server bbriggs/bukkit:1.9.4 spigot`
